#
# JsonReader.ClassFactory mappings
#
java.lang.StackTraceElement = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.StackTraceElementFactory

java.sql.Date = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.SqlDateFactory
java.sql.Timestamp = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.DateFactory

java.time.Duration = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.DurationFactory
java.time.Instant = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.InstantFactory
java.time.LocalDate = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.LocalDateFactory
java.time.LocalDateTime = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.LocalDateTimeFactory
java.time.LocalTime = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.LocalTimeFactory
java.time.MonthDay = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.MonthDayFactory
java.time.OffsetDateTime = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.OffsetDateTimeFactory
java.time.OffsetTime = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.OffsetTimeFactory
java.time.Period = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.PeriodFactory
java.time.Year = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.YearFactory
java.time.YearMonth = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.YearMonthFactory
java.time.ZonedDateTime = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.ZonedDateTimeFactory
java.time.ZoneId = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.ZoneIdFactory
java.time.ZoneOffset = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.ZoneOffsetFactory

java.util.Calendar = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.CalendarFactory
java.util.Collection = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.JsonReader$CollectionFactory
java.util.Date = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.DateFactory
java.util.GregorianCalendar = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.CalendarFactory
java.util.List = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.JsonReader$CollectionFactory
java.util.Map = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.JsonReader$MapFactory
java.util.Set = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.JsonReader$CollectionFactory
java.util.SortedMap = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.JsonReader$MapFactory
java.util.SortedSet = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.JsonReader$CollectionFactory
java.util.TimeZone = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.TimeZoneFactory

sun.util.calendar.ZoneInfo = com.cedarsoftware.util.io.factory.TimeZoneFactory